The Buddha's teaching often said, for example, this world, where we are, is the world. There are so
many diversities, right?
There are so many diversities, ups and the don'ts and so forth, like birth and getting old and
sicknesses and declines and that.
That is, of course, one of the big things.
All this change, generally, in the teachings, it is so, so important, so special, because it is a
reminding of where the nature is.
It's not really hiding, hiding too much. It is really converting all of that, and that's why then
we have a lot of spiritual opportunities to work out ourselves.
So, for example, in the Buddha's teaching, there's a God's realm, there's another realm, that which
is always so happy and so good.
Everything is really comfortable, but in a way, it's just hidden, everything. It doesn't mean that
it lasts forever like that, it's just hidden.
But here, in our world, there are so many diversity things happening. There is a lot of opportunity
of the spiritual waking up there, and therefore, it is really very special.
And for those reasons, many great masters in those great practices always met so many beautiful
songs, that I'm so thankful to all these obstacles came, and that's why I had this awakening energy
.
For example, the great Master Malarepa had all those difficult troubles when he was young, early
young times, or child-born.
And that's why then he became the great Master Malarepa. So, that obstacle, that situation really
made him so strong, so powerful, and so courageous, and so determined to pursue something that is
practiced, and then become the great Master Malarepa.
And then, as well as the great Master Malarepa, again, Malarepa did not have that many troubles as
Malarepa, but however, in the teachings said, he had also a lot of troubles, in particular, when he
started in his monastery universe, there's a lot of things went on and on, because that made him
too strong, that kind of pushed him to do some more, his practice, meditate, and then become the
Malarepa.
So, when you read the life story of those great Masters, there's no one enlightened beings, no
great Master who become, everything becomes, start with La La Land, everything kind of lies, and
really, everyone has so many difficult troubles, that's why really they come.
So, for those reasons, what Namjimpa said, I'm so thankful this obstacle came, and that's why I
found the Dharma, and I'm so thankful all those sickness troubles, and that's why I extend my
courage and commitment to the practice, so I'm thankful to the sicknesses, I'm thankful to the
obstacles, I'm thankful to all those, what's called, bad omens, spirit of these beautiful songs,
really, Namjimpa is a giant,
that, and it's just, all is, everything met him to come to wake up and bring spiritual qualities,
so therefore, I mean, it is, and then, for example, our great teacher, the Buddha Shakyamuni, also,
his final, of course, he's already enlightened, he's already great, but final push, to become the
Buddha, is by seeing the sicknesses, old man, and then the death,
the three things, his soul, pulse, and then, finally, he saw the sage or the monk, and so, these
four things, kind of really met his, the final, to leave the kingdom, Buddha Shakyamuni, and then,
become the Buddha, so therefore, everyone, we read life story, and their enlightenment comes, that
start something with all these difficulties,
all the situations that both, we're really writing from them, the samsara situation, and that's
what they really become enlightened, so therefore, impermanent is so special, impermanent is good,
is reminded us, constantly, how, where things are, and how things, and for those reasons, Buddha Sh
akyamuni also said in the teaching, teaching, among all the conceptions, the impermanent conception,
or understand of the impermanent,
is the supreme, that is it. When you have the samsara realization, or see the situation of the
impermanent changing, then it settles your, ourselves to more, in spiritual, we can, we are
grounded more, on the ground, not just hovering in the sky, sky, it makes our heart more subtle,
warmer, more practical, and then, more also, open, more courageous, courageous, so therefore, the
understanding of impermanence is good.
[BLANK_AUDIO]